[Music]
you are walking by my name's David I
know oh yeah you look you like doing -
you going to store to fix phone and it
takes a long time yeah no my phone my
friend goes to phone go go get your
phone and then meet me down I need a new
word in the English language a word that
means somebody is boasting about
something but really the thing they are
boasting about condemns them I need a
word that communicates someone is in the
act of making grandiose claims about
their accomplishments or their character
but these very claims instead make them
seem pathetic in your word for that in
English maybe there's a word for that in
German we can borrow
no maybe it's a word for that in
Japanese right in in the comment section
David bond is a so-called pickup artist
and I I only know about his YouTube
channel because I met him online and I
spoke to him we had a voice conversation
in a political discussion forum where I
wasn't expecting to meet this kind of
person wasn't expecting to debate this
company let's just jump into it - an
example this is from his website what
this guy does quote all these anime
avatar users posting pictures of hot
anime chicks depress me if you want a
cute Japanese chick go to Japan and get
one um be a man and get a real one I've
had sex with literal Japanese school
girls in uniform who moaned just like
the cartoons and guess what I didn't do
it by so stting stuff on the ordinate oh
god what makes it so awful is one that
he's boasting about this and two that
he's trying to make money out of
boasting this way and it was misleading
the audience into thinking he has some
special technique some special skill he
can
teach you if only you pay him money if
only you buy his book here's the
photograph here's the photograph that
goes with that horrible CAPTCHA okay
this chick doesn't look happy to meet
you man
this chick doesn't look like she's happy
to go home with you and how old how old
do you think this chick is David I I
googled it Japanese High School girls
are at best 18 years old when they
complete high school they could be 16 17
or 18 depending on what program they're
in I googled it I don't know if you did
so this is a young woman perhaps 18
years old and you are a man perhaps 30
years old who is in Japan on vacation
you were a man who speaks absolutely
zero Japanese so your level of
intellectual connection with this young
woman I mean why don't you just imagine
your positions are reversed David David
um I'm gonna imagine that maybe in high
school when you were 18 you'd studied
French maybe German maybe Spanish let's
just say you learned a little bit of
French how well would you have coped in
a relationship with a foreign tourist
who is thirty years old thirty year old
comes to pick you up and you're
communicating entirely in French here's
the thing the language barrier between
English and French is nothing compared
to the language barrier between English
and Japanese
it's huge Japanese is an extremely
difficult language to learn especially
written Japanese but that's a topic for
another video and you're proud of this
you put up this photograph and you're
boasting if this photograph existed of
me I would be so ashamed of myself and I
would be in such a hurry to explain it I
want to say but no no it was just
raining and I was just helping her out
with my with my umbrella and you know
what the most pathetic thing of all is
David I think it's possible that's the
truth about this photograph I think it's
possible this woman didn't sleep with
you that she's just someone who happened
to be standing on the sidewalk and to
not have an umbrella and you took this
shitty picture so you could try to make
money and increase your notoriety but
you know if you did sleep with you if
I'm
if after this photograph was taken you
started chit-chatting with her in broken
English and you ended up having a love
affair during your vacation in Japan
with an 18 year old girl
hopefully 18 let's let's charitably
assume we're in her high school yearbook
what do you guys talk about you sit down
you sit over breakfast next more and say
hey how about that algebra tax test last
week
hey how about how do you get along with
you know mrs. MacGuffin the the the phys
ed teacher what did you tell my god
sorry
it just blows my mind that you're not
ashamed of yourself for this that you're
boasting about it on the internet now at
30 to 32 years old you don't know better
or you don't
on some level feel a kind of moral
apprehension here that this might be a
little bit disgusting laughable or wrong
all right but here's the thing David
bond it's not just that he slept with a
similar claims to claims to have slept
with his own he's also taking her image
and putting it on his website
I assume her image is also on his
YouTube channel somewhere if not he has
images other young women he's flirting
with on his YouTube channel and he's
making money by immortalizing the image
of them by putting on the Internet
that this is a young woman who has a
teenager as a high school student had a
fling with a white tourist okay so I can
imagine but even if you're proud of
yourself David she at 8:18 seeing this
on the Internet
might not feel so proud looking at this
photograph I don't think right here
she's so proud not not like you you got
a kind of smug expression in your face
not her but hey you know what even if
she was cool with it at 18 this image
and the videotape on YouTube it's still
gonna be on the Internet when she's 28
38 48 58 68 she can be a grandmother and
still have it immortalized on YouTube
that she allegedly had a one-night stand
with you when
you flew in and out of Tokyo or wherever
the hell this was filmed it's
mind-blowing to me that you're proud of
yourself it's mind-blowing to me that
you think it's morally acceptable for
anyone to make a living by misleading
the audience this way I'm not even
saying you're misleading the young women
you sleep with this way I mean what he's
doing here is way less honest than
pornography look at this picture right
now this picture is just as fake as if I
took a picture of myself with Mickey
Mouse at Disneyland and said oh yeah me
and Mickey Mouse we know each other
personally
no that's an actor wearing a costume
who's paid to take pictures with
tourists these two women in costume it's
not your girlfriend
it's not someone you have a personal
connection with again you don't speak
Japanese anyway I know what you talk to
these are two women wearing sexy Santa
Claus outfits look at the women in the
background on the right hand side
there's a woman there with a backpack
and winter coat on the left hand side
there's a woman with a sweater that goes
all the way down to our long sleeve
sweater goes all the way down to arrests
it's cold it's winter okay these two
women in skimpy outfits are
entertainment workers at this bar right
there they're nightclub hostesses their
job is to be nice with you and get you
to buy alcohol this is just as fake and
interaction as a tourist with Mickey
Mouse at Disneyland and you're
presenting this as if it shows your
prowess as a pickup artists I mean the
little concept that it takes prowess for
a white male to get laid in Japan or
Thailand is mind-blowing Lee sickeningly
false to me what you're doing here is
way more dishonest than selling snake
oil because I mean snake oil it may at
least legitimately be oil from a snake
in that sense it's not false advertising
what you're doing is hollow and fake to
its core and that's basically the story
of how I went from a chubby white dork
working
at a hospital with a white girlfriend
and a pug and video games to this
why what what yeah yeah what would you
say if it were a woman presenting this
as her life story instead of a man what
would you say if you saw a white woman
on the internet who was telling the
story with pride that she used to be fat
and she stabbed a chubby white boyfriend
but then she decided to start a YouTube
channel she lost some weight and she
went to Africa and slept with a bunch of
African teenagers there are white women
who do this let's say it's a white woman
who flies to Morocco and you know what
she could do exactly what you did
fun she could be a woman whose sense of
self-worth and value and her life is
totally hung up on one her physical
appearance to the man she happens to be
sleeping with me for me that transition
that revealed
Raziel this was my life before I used to
work in a hospital while working in a
hospital sounds terrible how meaningless
saved people's lives you could do all
kinds of morally good things good the
Orillia inspirational job working on
school but no your life was terrible
before when you were working in a
hospital you were a chubby white
girlfriend and this is my life now
here's the reveal it's a Thai woman with
fake breasts in a bikini
what so just a few months ago I had a
job I had a girlfriend I lived in a big
house I had a pug and on my free time
all I would do was play Mortal Kombat
and quake 3 and now I was traveling the
entire country spending every single
night picking up girls with a dating
coach with a microphone on me being
filmed and I mean this this became this
wild snowball of craziness I went to
Japan and I spent basically two months
every single day picking up girls all
day long and that's basically the story
of how I went from a chubby white dork
working at a hospital with a white
girlfriend and a pug and video games to
this it all started with a single
YouTube video dude it's the before and
after about your life were transformed
went from your life before
and here's an expensive car I own if you
like whoa man what's wrong with you
why do you measure yourself worth on YT
why is this what the meaning of your
life is this car like come on like this
can't be that big it death and if this
were a woman who went who did the
before-and-after like you didn't now
Dale this is my life
and she showed a picture even if the man
she was married to look think about how
pathetic they would be think about how
negatively that would reflect on this
woman like oh this is a woman who thinks
of herself as nothing but her body in
terms of weight loss and who it is she's
hooking up with and that's that's both
the myth and the reality of what you're
presenting on the Internet David so look
I had a chance to talk to David bond
more or less one-on-one on the Internet
it's complete coincidence at a
conversations guy and I said to him look
you know what I used to live in Thailand
okay I lived there for a couple of years
I spoke the language to a limited extent
women tried to initiate sex with me
every day and by that I mean every day
like I went outside the house so I mean
realistically I never went to a
nightclub I never went to a bar I never
went to the places you pick up women I
went to the library I went to the
museums and stuff but like I say never
would a whole week go by without a woman
trying to initiate sex with me when I
was making no effort at all to initiate
sex with them so I mean I wouldn't say
everyday just because of the life I led
I go to the gym I go to the library I
lived in a pretty tight circuit when I
was in Thailand Laos and I never did
this I never hung out at these kinds of
places were stereotypically meant to go
women but nevertheless women were trying
to initiate with me all the time I would
never come on the internet and try to
package that as a product that you can
buy so you can go to Thailand and have
the same great success I am
you are walking by I think it's so cute
every single one of those women who
tried to initiate with me every single
one I said no to every single one I
declined and you know why
fundamentally it's because I was leading
a really meaningful life okay I say more
about that in a second but that's also
the underlying reason why it's shameful
for you to boast this way and well I
think if you just do as a thought
exercise you realize it's shameful what
if this were instead a white woman
weather flying to Asia or flying to
Africa and then boasting about doing the
same things you do
I mean maybe I'll be a little bit more
clear for you that it's shameful when a
woman does this and by the same token
it's shameful for you too I think the
underlying reason why it's shameful is
just the sense that you ought to have
more substance than this you ought to be
leading a more meaningful life and I
asked you straight to your face David
well look you've been going back back
and forth to Thailand over all these
years did you even notice that during
these years an elected government was
replaced by a military dictatorship and
then the military dictatorship
stage-managed
these new lady you know I asked him
questions yet he was really interested
he had never even heard of this he has
never read a newspaper even once and he
is a Thai girlfriend he knows absolutely
nothing about the political history or
current reality in Thailand okay no his
Thai girlfriend speaks broken English
that's again a huge part of what makes
this so dehumanizing and screwed up is
that the level of the if it weren't
depressing enough to have a relationship
with that kind of age gap like 30 old
man getting with a girl who's still in
high school we add the language gap to
the age gap it's really saddening here
look man what does it mean to lead a
meaningful life I was reminded of this
after after watching your videos and
after talking to you this this memory I
had forgotten this I was in Yunnan China
years ago and at that time I just sat
down at the table and I got in my book
sales and started
okay on the language history and
politics I was studying and I'd been
through a really rough couple of weeks
where I really had no time to study and
I didn't have a stable apartment or home
I just gotten set up with a temporary
apartment I would only be in it for a
couple of weeks but I was relish I was
sitting down hitting the books and
starting to study the stuff I wanted to
study at this moment I was in a
restaurant and a beautiful woman sits
down across me I didn't even see her sit
down she sits down and starts talking to
me she's French
she was a white woman from France with
red hair now again I was literally
looking my books I didn't even realize
really how good-looking she was until
she stood up and walked away from the
table and you know I'm doing my work and
she starts talking to me she's a tourist
and this is her pitch she says hey I
know you're a scholar I know you work on
this history and these languages I know
you know a lot about the history of this
region you have some ability and the
languages you know a lot about Buddhism
she said she's a tourist she's here she
wants to visit these Buddhist temples
she wants to go to these archaeological
sites and you know she found out about
me there aren't that many interesting
people living in this town and you know
her hotel room is just down the way and
why don't we get to know each other and
maybe we can spend a week together going
from Buddhist temple to Buddhist temple
archaeological site to archaeological
site now I have to emphasize here she
was French and she was a single white
woman on vacation in the pitch she made
to me it was completely explicit that
she was offering to initiate a sexual
relationship and this would obviously be
a short-term sex relationship probably
not a one-night stand probably 7 days or
10 days or whatever would be and you
know I sat there and I thought about it
you know it was five seconds or 10
seconds and I said to her this was true
but it wasn't the whole truth I said to
her you know right now I'm sitting down
with these books this is the first time
I've really been able to get back to my
studies get back to my research after a
couple of weeks living out of different
hotels living out of a back
we've just kind of been running around
and having no stability in my life you
know right now what I'm really motivated
to do is get back to this research
language history politics this is really
what my life is about so I'm sorry you
know I'm not gonna do with you as I say
I didn't realize just how good-looking a
woman she was and of course today I
understand French culture now than I did
then
she had probably never been rejected in
her life she stood up and before she
stood up she was devastated I mean he
you know it was rejection and a lot of
people don't deal well with rejection
but I think you know she knew that she
had communicated to me very clearly that
she was offering to sleep with me
straight up first conversation I've ever
had and she lives in a culture in France
where men are very aggressive and very
flirtatious even when there's no
possibility of sex I really dislike that
about French culture like as a man
especially than a certain age range
you're expected even when you're buying
groceries to flirt with the girl who's
selling you the groceries like there's a
lot of there's a high expectation that
men are gonna flirt and are gonna create
the illusion possibility of sleeping
with someone all the time in French
culture and here I was she was straight
up offering to get into bed with me
under these ridiculous circumstances and
here I was rejecting her and shutting
her down now the reason I gave her was
true the other reason is I'm looking at
that and I'm thinking well what kind of
meaningful relationship I'm not gonna
have with this person they're basically
just looking to kind of use me during
their vacation it's true I knew a lot
about the history in college I could
probably give her a very interesting
walking tour of some of those Buddhist
temples and explain what the iconography
means and explain the history you know I
know I know the kind of role she's
looking for me to play and that may be
meaningful and inspirational for her but
it's not for me that's gonna be a very
asymmetrical very unequal relationship
and after one week you know
it's gone and so she didn't quite break
down weeping openly but I mean she was
really emotionally impacted by this even
though I said kind of nothing mean and
then you know she kind of calmed down
she just silently sat there and then she
stood up and and slowly walked away
that's a remarkable and memorable moment
in my life but I'd totally forgotten
about it so I had this conversation with
with Mr Bond with this this pickup
artist in a sense that's an extreme and
overt example of what was happening on a
really fast covert way when I was
rejecting other women in Thailand most
of these women David Bond boasts of
picking up in his videos like he's proud
that he met some random Thai chicken at
a shopping mall and that he manages to
take her ominous I said that woman I
would not have slept with her if you
paid me I mean if you have something
meaningful in your life if your life is
more valuable than just your body if
there's something you're doing with your
time it's really rewarding it's not that
you play hard-to-get it's that you
genuinely are hard to get because your
time is worth something what you do with
your brain and your body is worth
something at least to you probably to
other people and people are gonna pursue
you anyway because they're aware that
what you have to offer is not just sex
it's a meaningful relationship and
meaningful relationships bottom line are
a lot harder to get than this kind of
fantasy that's peddled for money by
david bond
[Music]